README.md, before:

# CS109a Data Science Final Project: Predicting seizures and epilepsy.

All your code should assume that the data is stored in the folder datasets/, but they will only be stored locally - i,e, they won't be uploaded to the repo to avoid making it too big.

The key file of interest is explore_and_model_NCDS_data.ipynb, located in the notebooks folder. This notebook works with NCDS (National Child Development Study) data, which is a massive dataset tracking every child born in the UK during a single week in 1958. The data is cleaned and then modeled, and then there is some interpretation of the modeling.

All other notebooks are located in the old_notebooks subfolder. They are either older versions of explore_and_model_NCDS_data.ipynb (such as explore_and_model_NCDS_data_poster_version.ipynb, explore_NCDS_data0.ipynb, or explore_NCDS_data1.ipynb) or else studies/data that we ended up not using in the end (like explore_and_model_NCDS_and_ThallandVail.ipynb and explore_EEG.ipynb).

Additionally, our poster can be found in the poster folder and our Milestone 4 can be found in the milestones folder.

Commit message:

Updated README for a little website info

README.md, after:

# CS109a Data Science Final Project: Predicting seizures and epilepsy.

All your code should assume that the data is stored in the folder datasets/, but they will only be stored locally - i,e, they won't be uploaded to the repo to avoid making it too big.

Our final website can be accessed by opening index.html. Files such as css, font-awesome, fonts, img, and js are merely supporting folders for the website.

The key file of interest is explore_and_model_NCDS_data.ipynb, located in the notebooks folder. This notebook works with NCDS (National Child Development Study) data, which is a massive dataset tracking every child born in the UK during a single week in 1958. The data is cleaned and then modeled, and then there is some interpretation of the modeling.

All other notebooks are located in the old_notebooks subfolder. They are either older versions of explore_and_model_NCDS_data.ipynb (such as explore_and_model_NCDS_data_poster_version.ipynb, explore_NCDS_data0.ipynb, or explore_NCDS_data1.ipynb) or else studies/data that we ended up not using in the end (like explore_and_model_NCDS_and_ThallandVail.ipynb and explore_EEG.ipynb).

Additionally, our poster can be found in the poster folder and our Milestone 4 can be found in the milestones folder.
